Day nine of making Pixel Brawl. We
already have four stages. The
underground, the dojo, the desert,
[music] and the frozen forest. But every
fight always played out the same way. So
today, I wanted to give players a
choice. I built a stage selection menu
using Pixel [music] Lab and some manual
drawing. Now each stage gets its own
thumbnail and name, [music]
and when you hover over them, they light
up with a yellow accent. Then I told
Clawude Code to connect every button to
its own scene. So whichever stage I
pick, that's where the fight loads. But
that wasn't enough. Every match also use
the same opponent. So I added an enemy
[music] selection menu. Each fighter has
their own portrait and style, [music]
and now you can mix and match. I also
told Claude to make the stages and
enemies random after the first round.
It's a small change, but it finally
makes Pixel Brawl feel like a real
fighting game. Every match is [music]
yours to set up. Your arena, your
opponent, your fight. Now that we've
done some UI additions, what should I
[music] add next? Let me know in the
comments and come back for day